Source: https://www.cdc.gov/flu/professionals/index.htm

Influenza (Flu) Information for Health Care Providers | Influenza (Flu) | CDC
Skip directly to site content
Skip directly to search
An official website of the United States government
Here's how you know
Official websites use .gov
A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States.
Secure .gov websites use HTTPS
A
lock
(
) or
https://
means you've safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.
Español
Influenza (Flu) Information for Health Care Providers
Clinical Guidance
Guidance for health care providers for the prevention, diagnosis, and treatment of influenza.
Sept. 17, 2024
ACIP Recommendations Summary
Prevention and Control of Seasonal Influenza with Vaccines: ACIP Recommendations for 2024-2025
Sept. 17, 2024
Clinical Signs and Symptoms of Influenza
Clinical signs and symptoms of influenza information for health professionals.
Guidance for Influenza Vaccination
Learn more about influenza vaccination guidance and recommendations for health care professionals.
Vaccine Product Information
Information for health care providers about vaccine supply and distribution.
Clinical Testing and Diagnosis
Influenza testing is recommended for all patients with suspected flu who are admitted to hospital.
About Influenza Antiviral Medications
Antiviral medications are an important adjunct to influenza vaccine in the control of influenza.
Infection Control Guidance
Educational documents for infection control in health care facilities.
Laboratory Testing
Laboratory diagnosis of influenza, including guidance for clinicians.
Influenza (Flu)
Influenza (flu) is a contagious respiratory illness caused by influenza viruses that infect the nose, throat, and lungs.
View All
For Everyone
About
Signs and Symptoms
Causes and Spread
Flu Complications and People at Higher Risk
Prevention
Vaccine Basics
Diagnosis
Flu Treatment
View all
Health Care Providers
Clinical Guidance
Clinical Signs and Symptoms of Influenza
Guidance for Influenza Vaccination
View All
Public Health
How CDC Classifies Flu Severity each Season in the United States
Information for Laboratories
Understanding Influenza Viruses
View All
Sign up for Email Updates