Source: https://health.nih.gov/topics

Health Information | National Institutes of Health (NIH)
Skip to main content
Site Menu
You are here
Home
Health Information
Search NIH Health Topics
Search NIH for public health information
coronavirus
mental health
heart disease
cancer
sleep
diabetes
fitness
healthy eating
stroke
Health Highlights
young-family-walking-dog-on-trail-in-woods
Addressing Childhood Obesity
Learn how to teach your kids healthy habits that can support a healthy weight as they grow.
young-boy-using-inhaler-outside
Asthma Triggers
Discover what could be triggering your asthma, and what you can do to prevent it.
doctor-listening-to-senior-patient-heart
Heart Failure
Heart failure is a condition that develops when your heart doesn’t pump enough blood for your body’s needs. Learn what steps to take to best manage this condition.
man-practicing-mindfulness-outside
Coping with Traumatic Events
Find information about traumatic events, including warning signs, ways to cope, and how to get help.
Featured Tools
Your Healthiest Self: Wellness Toolkits
— Your relationships, your emotions, your surroundings, and other aspects of your life impact your overall health. Find ways to improve your well-being with NIH's wellness toolkits.
NIH News in Health
Check out these popular recent stories from our monthly newsletter, which brings you practical health news and tips based on NIH research:
Be A Citizen Scientist
Sore, Scratchy Throat?
Breaking Down Food
Delivering Safer Pregnancies
Your Body’s Disease Defenses
More stories »
NIH Research News
20250520-cancer.jpg
May 20, 2025
Researchers describe cancer trends in people under 50
20250520-age.jpg
May 20, 2025
Gauging biological age to predict future health
20250520-neuronal-activity.jpg
May 20, 2025
Brain circuit rewiring during motor learning
Contact Us
What health topics would you like to see included on this site?
Please submit your ideas, feedback, and comments
.
About Us
Editor: Christen Sandoval, M.S.P.H., C.H.E.S., Science Communication Branch,
Office of Communications and Public Liaison
, Office of the Director, National Institutes of Health.
Stay Connected!
Sign up to receive the NIH Health Information newsletter. Get email updates twice a month about healthy living and wellness from across NIH.
Subscribe
Connect with Us
Contact Us
X
Facebook
Instagram
YouTube
Flickr
More Social Media from NIH
Back to Top